README.md, before:

# JS Camp

# Spec
All idea, tasks and some solutions were taken from ["The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp"](https://www.udemy.com/course/modern-javascript/) by [Andrew Mead](https://mead.io). Including simple apps like Note, Todo, Hangman game.
<br/>

# Technologies
 - Languages: JavaScript
 - NPM packages: Live Server, Moment, Babel, Webpack.


# Apps Examples
Check the applications, that were made during the course at the following links:
- [Note App](https://somleff-notes.netlify.app)
- [Hangman](https://somleff-hangman.netlify.app)
- [TodosApp](https://stupid-cry.surge.sh)

P.S. NoteApp and Hangman hosted on https://app.netlify.com/. TodosApp deployed by using https://surge.sh.
 <br />
 > For educational purposes only


# Course Description
Here is the list of main topics covered by the course.
 - JavaScript Basics: Variables and Flow Control
 - JavaScript Functions
 - JavaScript Objects
  - JavaScript Arrays
 - Javascript in the Browser
 - Data Storage, Libraries
 - Arrow Functions
 - Asynchronous JavaScript
 - CSS themes for Apps and Hosting Applications
 - Babel, Webpack
 - Convert existed code into JS Modules

Commit message:

Remove idea folder + README update

README.md, after:

# JS Camp

# Spec
All idea, tasks and some solutions were taken from ["The Modern JavaScript Bootcamp"](https://www.udemy.com/course/modern-javascript/) by [Andrew Mead](https://mead.io). Including simple apps like Note, Todo, Hangman game.
<br/>

# Technologies
 - Languages: JavaScript
 - NPM packages: Live Server, Moment, Babel, Webpack.


# Apps Examples
Check the applications, that were made during the course at the following links:
- [Note App](https://somleff-notes.netlify.app)
- [Hangman](https://somleff-hangman.netlify.app)
- [TodosApp](https://stupid-cry.surge.sh)

P.S. NoteApp and Hangman hosted on https://app.netlify.com/. TodosApp deployed by using https://surge.sh.
 <br />
 > For educational purposes only


# Course Description
Here is the list of main topics covered by the course.
 - `101` folder contains examples of how js works under the hood
 - JavaScript Basics: Variables and Flow Control
 - JavaScript Functions
 - JavaScript Objects
  - JavaScript Arrays
 - Javascript in the Browser
 - Data Storage, Libraries
 - Arrow Functions
 - Asynchronous JavaScript
 - CSS themes for Apps and Hosting Applications
 - Babel, Webpack
 - Convert existed code into JS Modules
